when you are in the technician portal and mark a repair as complete you have the option the apply a reward. when you click the apply reward button it 
takes you to the customers available rewards. in this test case the customer had 2 rewards redeemed for 1) a pizza party and 2) 5 dozen donuts.
when i chose to apply the reward to a repair it took the cost of the repair from $50 to $0. i assume this is because the reward is for free donuts/pizza
however this reward is not for free repairs. this logic needs to be fixed.

i wanted functionality to automatically apply the date and time to a repair in the tech portal when the tech is editing the repair. the date/time only is 
automatically applied when the technician clicks the button 'complete repair' not when he opens the repair details form. if the repair detail form is open
you must manually open the date field and apply it yourself. i like the option to change the date/time in case you are applying the data to the form before/after
a repair is complete, and i like that the date is automatically added under the complete repair button, but when a repair ticket is created and the repair 
is starting editing the date should be automatically applied then as well with the option to change later. 

still haven't fixed the bug when a repair is still in pending (not complete) and you go to open a new ticket with the same unit number for the same customer
a warning pops up at the top that states that there is already a repair in progress for that unit (this is supposed to happen. this is right) except when 
the technician clicks the 'view repair' button at the top where the warning is, the page turns to an error

8/26/25:
- need a way to input multiple repairs at once for the same unit when > 1 repair was completed on a unit during a single session
- no way to delete photo after adding picture. if you add the wrong picture accidentally there's no way to fix that.
- 'Damage photo before' appears to show twice on the technician form above the input for photos
- after adding a new repair i am taken to the page of that repair. need a button to add new repair easily 
- need a way to easily mark where the repair was on the glass. a graph on the form would be awesome with the ability to choose from a grid location of repair approximately.
- under 'my assigned repairs' it shows seperate repairs for each truck for example i did 3 repairs on 14411 and each individual repair i can choose, 
causing clutter. i want the ability to choose unit numbers and each unit contains each individual repair job i can click and expand on that.
a good example of this is under the customers tab in the technician portal where i can choose the customer and in the customer url i can choose individual
unit numbers, when i choose a unit number it opens each repair that was done for that truck.
- looking at https://www.rockstarwindshield.repair/tech/customers/10/ for some reason the units are repeating. for example 2166 it should just show the number 
one time instead each repiar repeats the unit where i can click. Unit #2166
Unit #2166
Unit #14411
Unit #14411
Unit #2166
when it should just be 
Unit #2166
Unit #14411
and allow me to click the link and it opens and shows all of the previous repair history on that unit.